Hey Guys, Welcome back to the channel. Today,
we will look at the first episode of the series
called “Girl from Nowhere”. So, let’s
get started.
The episode starts off with a teacher meeting
in a school. The school was recently awarded
the “Purest School of the Year”. We are
introduced to a male teacher who is advocating
for the use of Yoga in the school. Everyone
is impressed by this male teacher and the
head of the school also gives him the approval
to go ahead with his plan. The name of this
teacher is Mr. Win. But, when a female teacher
wants the school to teach students about safe
sex, and importance of condoms, everyone gets
uncomfortable. They feel that school shouldn’t
be a place where students need to learn about
sex. The female teacher’s name is Ms. Lucy.
She is now in her class and a new student
has arrived.
The new student introduces herself as Nanno.
Ms. Lucy tells her to pick a seat, and Nanno
picks a seat next to a very scared student.
Then, Mr. Win enters the class and informs
everyone that the school is going to produce
a promotional video, highlighting the importance
of Yoga. For this, he wants volunteers who
have some experience with yoga before.
A very enthusiastic student raises her hand
to volunteer. Mr. Win thanks her, but he says
that he needs one more student. Then, Nanno
raises her hand. Ms. Lucy tells Mr. Win that
Nanno is a new student. Mr. Win thanks Nanno,
and asks if any other students want to participate.
Ms. Lucy suggests Wei, the scared student,
to take part in it, as she had helped Mr.
Win, with previous projects as well. But,
Mr. Win says that Wei seems a little busy
and he is happy with just two volunteers.
Then, he says that the two volunteers need
to meet him after school at the school gymnasium.
After school, they start filming for the promotional
video. Nanno and her friend are doing yoga
poses, and Mr. Win is behind the camera. Mr.
Win goes to Nanno and tries to fix her body
posture. Nanno gives him a smile and does
as she is told.
Mr. Win is back at his house. He has a wife
and a daughter who is a school student. His
daughter seems to be really proud of her father.
She thinks that her father is the best person
in this world. She even wrote a school essay
on “My Idol, My Dad”. They look like a
really happy family.
Next day at school, Nanno tells her friend
that the shoot for today was cancelled. Hearing
this, she leaves for her home. Wei wants to
tell Nanno about something, but she gets nervous
and tells Nanno that it was nothing.
Now, we see that Nanno was lying to her friend,
as she goes to Mr. Win, and tells him that
her friend didn’t feel well and went to
her home. Mr. Win starts filming and like
before, he tries to fix Nanno’s body posture.
But this time, he grabs her and tries to kiss
her. Nanno asks him if he knows what he is
doing. She asks if he is sure about having
a physical relationship with a student. But,
Mr. Win doesn’t care at all, and kisses
her. He isn’t the good guy that everyone
thought he was. Later, he tells Nanno to meet
him tomorrow as well.
Later, we see that Wei is at Ms. Lucy’s
office. Wei tells her that her friend is getting
pregnant and wants to get an abortion, She
wants advice from Ms. Lucy. But, when Ms.
Lucy asks her who her friend is, Wei gets
nervous and leaves. Outside, she meets Nanno,
who tells her that she knows a place where
she can get an abortion. Nanno tells her that
she knows Wei is pregnant but won’t tell
anyone.
Next day, Mr. Win brings Nanno to a room.
He shows Nanno that he had made videos of
when they were together. He blackmails Nanno
that if she doesn’t do as he says, he will
put the videos online and ruin her life. So,
Nanno lets him have his ways.
After school, Mr. Win heads to his house.
He meets his wife, who hands him his phone,
which he had forgotten at school. Mr. Win
asks her how she got his phone. HIs wife then
tells him that one of his students brought
the phone and she was now helping their daughters
do her homework. The student who brought his
phone is none other than Nanno. She is now
having lunch with Mr. Win’s family.
Mr. Win finds out that Nanno isn’t as scared
as the other school girls. Nanno sits there
comfortably, which makes Mr. Win nervous.
He is afraid that Nanno will tell his wife
about everything. Nanno has already impressed
Mr. Win’s daughter. She wants Nanno to be
her tutor. Mr. Win’s wife also proposes
Nanno to be her tutor. Nanno happily agrees
and tells that she can even bring her friends
if she wants. Mr. Win just sits there and
cannot say anything. Nanno has something planned
for Mr. Win.
Later, Mr. Win checks his phone and finds
out that Nanno had recorded their conversation
when he was blackmailing Nanno into sleeping
with him. Next day at school, Mr. Win goes
to Nanno’s class and finds out that both
Nanno and Wei were absent that day.
Nanno had taken Wei to an abortion clinic.
Nanno tells Wei that she had only brought
her there. But she still has time to think
over her decision.
Mr. Win’s daughter had brought her boyfriend
to her house, to get tutored by Nanno. They
are about to kiss but Nanno arrives. She tells
them that they should go somewhere else to
study. She takes them somewhere, and just
then she receives a message from Mr. Win,
who wants to meet with her.
Nanno tells them to stay there for a while,
and that she would return after getting something
done.
At school, Mr. Win meets Nanno and tries to
threaten her. He tells her that if she doesn’t
delete all the recorded conversations between
them, he will put all her videos online. But
Nanno isn’t fazed by it at all. She instead
plays him a video of his daughter and her
boyfriend.
Seeing his daughter with her boyfriend, Mr.
Win starts to worry. He tries to get out of
there, but the doors are locked from outside.
He warns Nanno and asks her where his daughter
is. Mr. Win even gets on his knees to know
the location of his daughter. Nanno starts
laughing maniacally. She tells Mr. Win that
she will only let him know the location, if
he tells her the password to his computer.
Mr. Win doesn’t have much time left. So,
he gives Nanno the password to his computer,
which has all the videos he made with other
school girls.
Now, he heads to the location where his daughter
is. Meanwhile, Nanno has gain access to all
the videos of Mr. Win, and she has a plan
on what to do next with those videos. Mr.
Win’s daughter’s boyfriend gets a video
message. The daughter asks him what it is,
but he refuses to answer. She forcibly gets
his phone and sees her father in a way she
had never thought of him. Just then, Mr. Win
arrives and starts to beat her boyfriend.
His daughter tries to stop him, but Mr. Win
starts shaming her for what she did. She cannot
believe what her father truly was. She hands
him the phone which has his videos, and heads
out of there. Mr. Win tries to stop her, but
she isn’t ready to listen to anything that
he says. She tells him that she no longer
is his daughter. She gets away from her father
and then gets into an accident, which kills
her. Mr. Win starts crying, but his wife doesn’t
even let him hold his daughter.
Soon, Ms. Lucy gets a message from Wei. She
thanks her for her guidance and also tells
her that she won’t be getting an abortion.
Wei also sends all the videos of Mr. Win and
says that she can do anything she wants with
those videos. Regardless to say, she hands
the videos to the police. And the next day,
reporters arrive and want to question the
school on how they could have let their students
be used by one of their teachers. The school
which had won “ the purest school of the
year” is now in the dirt.
Mr. Win also gets arrested by the police.
He sees Nanno and starts screaming at her
for destroying his life. But, Nanno just shrugs
her shoulders and leaves with a smile on her
face. And that is the story of how Mr. Win
deservedly and ironically lost everything
from his life.
Hope you liked the video. If you want more
episodes from this series, please let me know
in the comments section. And make sure to
subscribe to the channel to never miss out
on any of our videos.